Bpf120 dolt insurance pitch (#5)
dolthub/cold-marketing: 01-24-2023-dolt-insurance-pitch.md

---
subject: "MySQL Database Insurance"
date: "2023-01-24"
ICP: "devops and/orsre managers"
Market: "Finance, company size?, MySQL, MariaDB, etc."
Dolt Pitch: "Dolt your backups so you fix the Atlassian problem quickly. Minutes, not days/months"

---

Email #1
Hello,

> Are you concerned about the potential damage that can be caused by an administrator's accidental deletion or alteration of data in your MySQL database? Dolt replication can provide peace of mind by creating a replica of your database that can be used for recovery in the event of a data loss or corruption.

Reviewer: This needs to be tightened up a bit. Fewer words.

Author: done

---
subject: "MySQL Database Insurance"
date: "2023-01-24"
ICP: "devops and/orsre managers"
Market: "Finance, company size?, MySQL, MariaDB, etc."
Dolt Pitch: "Dolt your backups so you fix the Atlassian problem quickly. Minutes, not days/months"

---

Email #1
Hello,

> Everyone has horror stories about a database being broken with a bad query. A single mistake disrupts the functionality of your database and systems for maybe months.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Everyone has horror stories about a database broken by a bad query. A single mistake breaks your application for hours, days, or even [months](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2022-04-14-atlassian-outage-prevention/).  
```

Author: links arent great in cold emails but we can reference this

> Dolt solves this problem. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dolt solves this problem with a special type of replica you add to an existing MySQL deployment. No migration required.
```

Do we need a little more info here?
